feat(perf): Add more Requests module documentation (#9785)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/performance/requests.mdx

  ></iframe>
</div>

## Prerequisites

<Note>

> Network requests using other protocols (FTP, WebSocket, etc.) are not supported at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Network requests using non-HTTP protocols (FTP, WebSocket, etc.) are not supported at this time.
```

</Note>

Availability of HTTP request monitoring depends on the SDK your application uses. In most cases, Sentry's SDKs automatically enable HTTP request tracking. You can check your SDK's <PlatformLink to="/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation">automatic instrumentation documentation</PlatformLink> to see if it includes tracking HTTP requests.

### Span Eligibility

If the SDK you are using doesn't automatically instrument HTTP requests, you can use <PlatformLink to="/performance/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation/">custom instrumentation</PlatformLink>. For best results, follow these guidelines for your custom spans:

- the `op` field is set to `"http.client"`

> - the `description` field contains the full URL of the request (e.g., `"GET http://my.service.io/some-data"`)

Author: Good catch, added!

> - the `op` field is set to `"http.client"`
> - the `description` field contains the HTTP method and the full URL of the request (e.g., `"GET http://my.service.io/some-data"`)
> - if the request is to a relative URL (e.g., `"GET /data.json"`) the `server.address` span data value is set to the server address (e.g., `"my.service.io"`)
> - the `http.response.status_code` contains the HTTP response status code (e.g., `"200"`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `op` field is set to `"http.client"`.
- The `description` field contains the HTTP method and the full URL of the request (e.g., `"GET http://my.service.io/some-data"`).
- If the request is to a relative URL (e.g., `"GET /data.json"`), the `server.address` span data value should be set to the server address (e.g., `"my.service.io"`).
- The `http.response.status_code` contains the HTTP response status code (e.g., `"200"`).
```
